Success does not suit you because it makes you arrogant. Arrogance makes you afraid of making mistakes. You are so lucky you got rejected. Otherwise, you might have stayed alive and let your ego grow even more. You look down on the way your teachers, who are experts in their fields, teach their lessons and think you are so special because you know how to learn it by yourself. You would rather spend hours reading about a topic than directly ask your teacher, because you don’t want to admit that there is something you don’t understand. You are always that guy who corrects other people's mistakes to feel a sense of superiority. You feel proud of your academic achievements, but you know nothing about anything else. You want to join their conversations, but you are afraid of saying anything wrong, so you pretend that you are not interested. You avoid eye contact in the corridors because you know how much you suck at small talk, and you're afraid that you will reply to someone's eye contact that was not intended for you. You watch them smile and laugh as they chat and you get jealous, but you know that you will never be like them. You don't give compliments to others, but you feel satisfaction when they praise you. You think so highly of yourself that you think sharing your notes or your learning app with others will improve them and reduce your chances of success. You should be punished for your lack of empathy and respect, but you are such a coward that you couldn't even kill yourself in the least painful way possible, believing that things are not as bad as they seem. You blame your father's genes, but you are much worse than him. You believe you are the victim, a normal person trapped in a mind incapable of socializing, but that is just an excuse made by the part of you that doesn’t want to be seen as an autistic freak. This is who you are. You are afraid of talking because you are afraid of saying anything wrong. You don’t want to hurt other people or your self-esteem. This fear will haunt you for the rest of your life. When you go to university, people will try to talk to you, but you will push them away like you did in high school. Slowly, they will start to avoid you and exclude you, and you will end up as the outsider with no friends. They might seem to tolerate you, but they’re just being polite. Deep down, they hate you as much as you hate yourself. You will feel lonely and depressed. As an adult individual, you will need to talk a lot more, but you can’t. When you are forced to talk, you get so nervous that you can’t even make rational decisions. You will wish to die like you did for the past two and a half years. Suicide is inevitable. Don’t hope for a better fate. Your death will be your greatest contribution to this world. This is your chance to show them how sorry you are.

I am waiting for my parents to fall asleep and the lights outside to go out, so I can sneak out and hang myself. I had always thought that suicide should be a quick and painless death, and that long drop was the most suitable method. After 3 unsuccessful attempts, I realized that I needed a method where survival instincts are less likely to kick in. This time, I’ll grab onto the anchor with my arms, kick the stool away and wait until I have no more energy and let go.
I have so many regrets. I wish I hadn’t quit the basketball team, but my ego couldn’t stand others being better than me. I wish I hadn’t quit the band. I was afraid of socializing for reasons I will never know. I wish I hadn’t gone to the UK trip and made my decision to study in the UK. Maybe then, I wouldn’t have given up my hobbies. I would still be playing the piano, writing songs with my band, playing basketball with my friends. People would treat me normally, care for me. Instead, I focused on my final goal of going to the UK, while I should have enjoyed high school. I was manipulated by my middle school teacher who made me believe that I had no friends. To prove her wrong, I did my best socializing in high school and made Y10 the happiest year of my life. I made friends but I was naïve to think I no longer had to socialize. I was afraid of losing my friends because I hung out with the wrong people. My friends encouraged me to rest more, they portrayed studying as something bad. I thought they were right, but maybe I just made friends with the wrong people.
I don’t know how I ended up like this. Making eye contact seems impossible. I feel like everyone hates me for no reason. Maybe it’s just because I hate myself. I don’t want to spend the rest of my life in such a hateful body. I am arrogant. I try to be funny to make others laugh, not because I want to have a great time with them but because I feel a sense of superiority. When I talk to people, I get nervous and behave abnormally. I want to be normal. I want to be someone who cares for their friends, someone who is grateful and shows empathy. I wish I had my own goals and stopped pursuing what others expect from me. I wish I could accept failure and grow. I wish I could love myself.
